[WATABE]
To each their own.
But, personally,
I think Miyamura looks best
with long hair.
[HORI]
They're making a sequel!
Part two of that horror flick
I love is in the works!
Wow, really?
[WATABE] I felt drawn to him as
a fellow bespectacled classmate,
since our numbers are few.
And his long hair gave him
an air of mystery.
It was sensational.
[ISHIKAWA]
Watabe!
Did you find that reference
book I asked for, or?
I say we go see it
on opening day!
Uhh. Sure. It's a date. Yay.
[WATABE] That said,
this fun-loving Miyamura
is nice too.
-I approve.
-[clicks]
[ISHIKAWA] Yo! Why'd
you snap a pic of Miyamura?
[WATABE]
To memorialize him.
[ISHIKAWA]
Now I have even more questions.
What're you reading there,
Watabe?
Huh! It's a mystery!
Oh! Is it any good?
Hmm! Quite a phenomenal read!
Though there are some
intense horror scenes.
They only add
to the great story!
Cool.
You're a big fan of the genre,
right?
I've heard you
and your friends gush.
I'm actually partial
to it as well
and Japanese horror
reigns supreme!
Oh. Hori's the huge horror buff,
not me.
Bet the pair of you would be
friends at first fright, huh?
Ah. Well, it's hard to say.
[MIYAMURA]
Huh! But, uh. I still enjoy it,
even though I'm not a fanatic!
Oh, you do? That's so great!
Means we share a hobby now!
[MIYAMURA]
Yeah.
It's like I can feel the hearts
floating off his sleeves
and into my personal space.
[WATABE] Ah, common interests
are so fun! Here!
Check these other books out,
Miyamura!
'Kay.
Hey, everybody!
You're just in time
for a special treat!
How does a steaming cup
of chawanmushi sound?
Cooked by yours truly,
so you know it's delish!
Aw, thanks, Kyosuke.
But what makes this one special
is the ginko nuts,
and it was my idea to add them
in the first place!
Oh-ho, that was a good call.
[MIYAMURA]
Like father, like son.
Huh! Hey,
I was wondering when you...!
[HORI]
Stop!
[sniffing]
Uh! Do I stink?
Of Watabe funk.
Huh!
[HORI] Normally, there's
a trace of Toru or Shindo.
This is crushing my windpipe
and I can't breathe!
Well, I'm choking
on that stench!
How you know what Watabe smells
like is the real question.
[HORI] I took samples in case
this scenario played out.
[MIYAMURA]
What scenario?
You can smell people's scent
on me, even if we just talk?
Female scents do not compute.
The only ones that do are male.
[MIYAMURA]
And now you're a robot.
I don't smell a thing.
You don't have to detect
any strange aromas.
What counts is I can.
But, I kinda want to.
So, I'll be able to tell
if you've been
with someone else.
Be it hanging out, or...
Huh!
I see.
What you really want
is a means to determine
if I surround myself with guys
all day,
the same way that you do.
That phrasing irked me
a little bit.
But, yeah, basically.
Well, I don't.
Um, we both know that's a lie.
I can think of two.
You always hang around
with Ishikawa and the prez.
But I'd never know that just
by getting a good whiff of you.
How 'bout we make a deal, then?
If I cheat,
I'll tell you to your face.
Haa! That'd be a big help.
Thought so.
[KYOSUKE]
Dinner's ready!
She went ballistic.
I'm talking vein-popping mad.
Like, I've never been
the best at studying,
so I have no clue why.
[chuckles]
But. I guess I could buckle down
and really apply myself, huh?
Worth a try.
It could be a whole lot worse,
Ishikawa.
If I so much as play a CD,
the cord gets yanked out!
No tunes!
Music helps stimulate the brain,
though, doesn't it?
All of their expectations
are sky-high.
Can't they see
we're doing our best down here?
-[chuckles]
-[sniffs]
[ALL]
The heck?
[MIYAMURA]
I can't tell.
Yeah. How much you wanna bet
it's Hori-related?
Two... No, three million.
They're just weirdos.
It's the core of who they are.
[SHINDO]
What's up?
I hardly ever get invited
to your place.
Though I always
love it when I do!
Oh, but you can hang onto that
controller. I have more at home.
That's not the reason
I asked you to come over!
And even if you want it,
you can't have it!
[SHINDO]
Then what's the deal, dude?
I, I want
you to close your eyes.
Aah!
A-Are you gonna
do something to me?
Yeah, no way.
It'll be over quick.
[SHINDO]
What will?
You can end so many things
in a moment. Including my life!
[MIYAMURA] I'd explain
if I thought you'd get it.
-Just close your eyes.
-[screams]
What for?
What are you gonna do
once you rob me of my life,
Miyamura?
[MIYAMURA] Fine! You can look,
but shut up and sit still!
[sniffs]
There. If anyone made a move,
it'd be you.
But I have your
scent memorized now.
[SHINDO] Time out.
W-Who am I making moves on?
Shaddup.
♪
[clicks]
Question. And while
it's against my better judgment,
I'm gonna ask it anyway,
'cause no one else will.
[clicks]
You listening?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Once I save these babies
in my Miyamura folder,
I'll be all ears.
I hear your camera
snapping pictures
like there's no tomorrow...
You have a folder
just for Miyamura?
That's sketch.
[ISHIKAWA] But, yeah, so.
My hesitant question.
Are you crushing on Miyamura?
It goes far beyond
that level of attachment.
I find him greatly fascinating.
I can't explain it.
[ISHIKAWA]
Uh-huh.
But there's Hori,
his ever-charming girl.
I don't follow.
You speak as
if that's a bad thing.
Miyamura dating
the opposite sex is moe.
If you're a fan, then you're
aware he has guy friends
from other schools, yeah?
Y'know, like Shindo?
There are boys outside
of school he has affection for?
Wow!
[ISHIKAWA] He-he! Creepy!
No, he's a pal, not a creep!
Don't think of pals as creeps!
[ISHIKAWA] Okay, so,
you just admire him from afar?
No, I'd love
to touch him one day!
[ISHIKAWA] Oh, wow.
Okay, let me rephrase that.
Like, do you ever
wanna talk to the guy?
I don't have that desire,
since I recorded him!
[MIYAMURA]
What's up, Watabe?
[ISHIKAWA]
I am extremely concerned.
-Hey!
-Huh!
Come play some ping-pong!
[laughs]
Ishikawa.
If an asteroid
that was two kilometers in width
crashed into me
at this very moment,
I'd die a happy soul.
No regrets.
A space rock that size
would kill Miyamura on impact,
too, you know.
[HORI]
You reek!
Watabe's stench!
I can smell it all over you!
But for some reason,
it's much stronger today!
He thinks he's marking
his territory?
Hori! My collar's
gonna rip! Mercy!
You're saying
I smell worse than usual?
I didn't even notice him
get that close!
There are also hints of Shindo
and Tanihara on you,
but Watabe's stank overpowers
them both!
[HORI]
And why wouldn't it?
His odor is as intense as
his interest in you.
An obsession
that puts the other boys
in your life to shame.
[MIYAMURA] How can you know
all that from someone's BO?
I'm telling you.
Despite what your nose detects,
I didn't lay a finger
on that kid.
Doesn't matter how many fingers
came into contact with him.
[sighs]
[sniffs]
Your scent is the only one
I would know anywhere.
You'd think that'd also be
true for girls like
Yoshikawa or Ayasaki.
[whimpers]
I thought you'd finally do it.
-Huh?
-The way you whipped around.
I thought you were gonna
manhandle me into next week!
Quit getting my hopes up,
you tease!
[MIYAMURA] I can't believe
they were high enough
to make you cry
when they fell. I'm sorry!
Aah! You dummy!
Don't you dare touch me now!
[MIYAMURA] Enough
with the deodorizer spray!
[ISHIKAWA]
Traffic accident?
No. It was man-made.
[ISHIKAWA]
Hori, huh?
Hoo, boy.
So you two fought again?
Hmm-mmm!
Dunno who won,
but she got you good.
I don't care
what she says or does,
I'm not apologizing
this time around.
Morning.
[FEMALE STUDENT 1] Hori,
what happened to your face?
[FEMALE STUDENT 2]
That must hurt!
Dude. Did you hit her back?
No! No!
[slaps]
You are such a dummy, I swear!
Go on! If you've got something
to say, by all means, say it!
Nah, I'm set.
If you're just gonna have
a dumb tantrum, though,
then I'll leave. Dummy.
That's rich!
The dummy's calling me dumb!
Man, you piss me off so much!
[thuds]
Uh!
[MIYAMURA]
Got so worked up
she smacked right into
the doorframe. Hard.
Aw!
Okay, but what
sparked this fight?
I forgot like I always do.
This time, though, I won't budge
until Hori says she's sorry!
-How manly.
-Yeah. Good luck.
[HORI]
The sheer nerve of this guy!
It didn't faze him! Not one bit!
Uh! Miyamura's such a dummy!
[KONO]
There, there. Don't cry.
It's fine. There isn't even
another woman involved,
so why are you getting
this upset about it?
Guys are just as dangerous.
[AYASAKI] I forgot you hit
your head. Get well soon, okay?
[HORI]
Wake up and tune in!
Uh! Huh!
[SENGOKU]
Just dump the guy.
No! Why should I?
Look, I'll put it to you
this way.
What'll you do
when you push him too far?
And Miyamura
stops caring about you
romantically or otherwise?
Nothing's guaranteed.
Even somebody you share a past
with can always choose to leave.
[HORI] When Sengoku says it,
I wanna punch him.
But when Kono says it,
I suddenly see the light.
Yeah. Thanks, Kono.
Hey.
Huh! I'm still angry as hell.
[BOTH]
This might take a minute.
Time to submit
our group's opinion,
ladies and gentlemen.
[ISHIKAWA] Know what?
I'll make it just my opinion!
[BOTH]
Go right ahead.
[ISHIKAWA]
Who cares if you answered
at the same time?
Damn, I'm more worn out
than the combatants.
I'm sorry you got involved, man.
Oh, but, why am I angry? Huh.
My brain's so exhausted,
it can't remember now.
[ISHIKAWA]
If you're serious,
this is gonna go in
an endless loop of spite.
Just kiss and make up already.
I really would like to.
-[blares]
-Oh. New text.
[purring]
-[coughing]
-I see you've chosen death.
[beeps]
Urgh!
Nab some paper towels.
Ew, you smell!
Like bad apple juice!
[HORI]
What am I doing? Jeez.
It's my fault.
So just say sorry and end it.
Stop being stupid.
[YASUDA] Hey, Miyamura.
Have you seen Hori?
Why?
[YASUDA] She was absent
from that last class.
I went and checked
the nurse's office
and the girls' locker room.
But no dice.
[MIYAMURA] You...
Went in the girls' locker room?
Well, I'm getting kinda worried
about her now.
[MIYAMURA]
And I'm worried you went in.
Wherever she went,
she left her bag.
Hope she's not out in that cold.
Yeah.
Wait. Outside?
♪
[creaks]
[MIYAMURA]
There she is.
-[HORI] What?
-Hmm!
Oh, um, nothing.
So, it's over, right?
You stopped caring about me.
Huh?
[HORI]
Just 'cause we have a past
doesn't mean we have a future.
Huh!
[HORI]
I imagine you already hate me.
Why, Hori?
Why? Well, because... [sobs]
[MIYAMURA]
Um. You're crying? Seriously?
Come on, now.
There's nothing to cry about.
[sobs] But, I!
But, I!
I constantly get irritated.
And then I take it out on you!
It's so unfair!
-[HORI sobs]
-Who knew she knew?
I wanna look at you.
Just move your hands.
Please? There!
Aw.
You're really crying a river!
[laughs]
Proof that even monsters need
a good cry.
Your ears and nose
turned crimson red, too!
[gasps]
Bawling like a baby?
In the middle of school?
That's tragic.
Shut your face!
How? How are
you always so freaking nice?
Makes me think about dumb stuff,
like what I'd do if you started
hating me!
[MIYAMURA] Is that really
what got you this worked up?
Jeez, Hori.
I swear. Though you named me
the reigning dummy king,
the crown suits you just
as well.
I know I'm the queen
to your king, okay?
But you're
still dumber by a mile!
[MIYAMURA]
You're surprisingly self-aware.
Granted, there is one thing
you haven't realized.
And that's how very hard
I've fallen for you.
Hating you would be difficult.
Dummy-mura strikes again!
With the words! And the eyes!
[MIYAMURA]
But, I-I was being honest.
My bad. Sorry I like you.
♪
[MIYAMURA]
Damn it. I wasn't at fault,
but I apologized anyway.
Yeah! Duh! You didn't
do anything wrong! Got that?
I'm at fault a hundred out
of a hundred times, all right?
[MIYAMURA]
All right.
Context would def help
if I had it.
But from up here, that sure
looked like a direct kick
to the gut to me.
[YOSHIKAWA]
It did.
[BOTH]
Scary.
[MIYAMURA]
Good morning.
[ISHIKAWA]
Hey! Morning, Miyamura.
-[ISHIKAWA] A hoodie?
-[YOSHIKAWA] A hoodie?
So, that look is a choice.
You shouldn't have been the one
making it, though. For real.
That's not quite your style.
It looks warm, though!
Gee, thanks.
Wow, this is a first.
[laughs] Guess so.
I wore this since my
normal clothes were in the wash.
Ah. Sometimes
it's nice to spice it up.
-You really think?
-[HORI] Mhm!
Hey, friendos! Someone
lend me their Japanese book!
Whoa, Miyamura!
Is that a hoodie?
Trying to jock my style?
Negatory.
[IURA]
He's not! But yay, matching!
I struggle to get this look
to catch on each year
when the cold is at its worst,
but it never ever does!
[YOSHIKAWA] Well,
it is against the dress code.
You're lookin' a little too
sharp, though, Miyamura,
so why not add some flair
to show it off, yeah?
[MIYAMURA]
But, okay?
[ISHIKAWA]
He's violating the dress code.
And you want him to flaunt it?
[IURA]
Aw, that's lit!
Put those shades back in
the student council room, Shu!
[IURA] Pose your fingers
more like this. Doped!
[MIYAMURA]
D-Dope.
[HORI] Enough! Take your
modern Japanese textbook
and go bother your own class!
Argh!
Now I'm gonna wonder
why Shu's so big on hoodies
for the rest of the day.
Maybe they're like
the ultimate item
that he can equip.
Whereas my stats probably
take a hit
while I'm wearing a hoodie.
Seems I gotta channel Iura,
I guess, to rock this look.
[laughs]
No. Do not make Iura
your finish line.
Strive to be like anybody
except him.
[MIYAMURA]
Poor Iura.
[creaks]
Ha! So it's true!
You are breaking dress code!
[MIYAMURA]
Morning, Mister President.
Good morning!
I ran into Iura in the hall
just now.
He was thrilled to tell me
you've adopted "his style?"
More like
I'm borrowing it for the day.
Did you tell off Iura
for his hoodie?
Don't play faves.
[SENGOKU]
He's a lost cause.
I don't waste my breath on him.
So, no.
[MIYAMURA]
Poor Iura.
[MALE STUDENT 1]
Yes! Lunch time!
Hey. The school got a new flavor
of hot tea today. You see it?
Not yet! What is it?
One you'll like, I'm sure.
[YOSHIKAWA]
To the tea!
[HORI] Hold up, Miyamura.
Your hood's rumpled.
Oh. Is it?
Thank you.
If you're gonna break
school rules, make it look good.
[BOTH sigh]
Aah! Jeez! What prompted you
to do that?
[HORI]
Curiosity. Because that hoodie.
That's all right.
[sighs]
[MIYAMURA]
I can't fool Hori.
[ISHIKAWA]
Whatcha think?
Gonna wear it again?
Nah. Tomorrow,
it's back to my cardigan.
[HORI]
Stare.
[sobs]
[HORI]
Stare.
[clamoring]
Miyamura, you coming over?
No! I need to head
home today! See ya later!
Do not tell me
they had another fight.
'Kay.
Hey, good morning, Hori.
Great morning!
This warm weather rocks!
Yeah. Very sunny.
You're warm enough
to ditch your scarf?
-[HORI] Stare.
-Hmm!
[MIYAMURA]
What's wrong?
[HORI]
Come here a sec.
[MIYAMURA] I'm getting
kinda anxious about this.
[sighs]
-[sniffs]
-What're you...?
[whimpers]
Yay! You smell
like yourself again!
[MIYAMURA]
Uh! That's, uh, awesome.
I should've known
that's what she was up to.
Miyamura, you have
a wonderfully unique smell.
I was surprised
when I couldn't pick it up
from that white hoodie.
[gasps]
-[HORI] Stare.
-[MIYAMURA] Um.
'Cause it's Shindo's.
He left it at my apartment
the last time he stayed over.
[HORI]
I knew it.
I ran it through the wash,
so how did your nose know?
Because it was obvious to me.
[MIYAMURA]
Well, that makes one of us.
I mean, your scent
is my favorite smell
in the entire world, Miyamura.
[laughs]
Make sure that you return
Shindo's hoodie, okay?
[sighs] Ah! You're cold!
♪
[MIYAMURA]
Let's go.
[HORI]
Oh. Yeah, let's.
Just gonna leave it at that?
Ah!
-Ha!
-Oh! Good morning!
[MIYAMURA]
G-Good morning!
[AYASAKI]
Uh-oh. What's up?
[HORI] Nothing but the sky.
And it's a beautiful day.